Rename alerts to webhooks etc (#440)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/auth-flow/customize/set-up-webhooks.md

---
title: "Set up webhooks"
description: "Manage notifications when a data connection is authorized"
createdAt: "2022-05-18T12:38:38.724Z"
updatedAt: "2022-10-20T13:27:07.142Z"
---

We recommend that you set up a notification for when a user authorizes a data connection so that you can action it within your app.

When setting it up, consider your use case and whether it is more useful to set up a webhook for a specific company or a general webhook to notify you when any company’s connection status has changed.

For example, if a company has a designated accounting manager, you might want to:

> - Set up a webhook for this specific company,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up a webhook for this specific company
```

- Notify the account manager.

> Therefore, the rule would have to specify the company ID, and the account manager’s e-mail address to notify them.

Reviewer 2: Can you update the example to be: 

For example, your solution may want to be automatically notified that data is ready for fetching from Codat. The webhook would notify your solution that a given company is ready via it's company ID.

> Therefore, the rule would have to specify the company ID, and the account manager’s e-mail address to notify them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the rule would have to specify the company ID, and the account manager’s email address to notify them.
```
